Little River buddy my name is starlet
and welcome to a even better dark souls
2 high level so farming guide first
things first we're going to head to the
place unbeknownst and be forced to
fallen Giants now all you need for this
to work is one bonfire aesthetic so
you're going to go ahead and burn this
in the bonfire and then you're going to
follow where I go
now i'm going to use aged feathers so i
don't lose out on money on the you are
using homeward bones you get this at the
end of the game right before you go and
fight the second to last boss so as you
saw i just grabbed the two twinkling
titanite and you want to grab that just
because those are rare items and you get
them for free also you have to have the
ashton missed heart which you get from
the ancient dragon at the end of the
game in order to do this so we enter the
memory of yay and now I'm going to use
my plus ten lightning black bow to draw
the Giants over to me I let the boulders
do the majority of the work however i do
use resin their souls to kind of speed
up the process a little bit don't worry
about losing out on so as a form using
resin is soul and great resonance oh
because you get so many souls from this
method that is totally worth it
as you can see they are used the statue
to kill the other giant to make this a
little bit faster you want to make sure
you grab that bonfire acidic so you can
do this and unlimited amount of times
now we're going to fight the giant Lord
this boss is actually pretty difficult
until you get used to his moveset I
usually like to aim at the top of his
body and his great resin his soul you
also kind of want to stay where his left
arm is so you can dodge his sword a lot
easier simply because his sword has a
huge hit box and sometimes you'll be
really surprised about how you got hit
you want to be very careful when you
heal it and take a sip from your Estus
flask because he also has a stomp attack
which is pretty difficult to dodge
you
okay now that we've coat him we're going
to run up here and grab the fire seed
and then we're going to turn around and
grab our divine blessing
now that we're back here we will
teleport to the force to file enjoyments
I think cardinal tower and we're going
to head to where the pursuer boss fight
is
now we're going to examine this fallen
giant and we're going to do to go to the
memory of horror now that we're here
we're going to take a right turn and
then another right turn and grab a soul
vessel so this is the best way to form
Souls and Dark Souls 2 that I have found
so far so thank you all for watching I
hope you enjoyed and I will see you next
time